Update building information in readme (#44)
etclabscore/multi-geth: README.md

## Managing versions

> `multi-geth` is a fork of [ethereum/go-ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum), but it uses Go modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`multi-geth` is a fork of [ethereum/go-ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum), but build dependencies have been upgraded to use [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules).
```
